Apache Software License
Version 1.1

Copyright (c) 2000 The Apache Software Foundation. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, 
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this 
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or 
other materials provided with the distribution.

3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, must 
include the following acknowledgment:

"This product includes software developed by the Apache Software Foundation 
(http://www.apache.org/)."

Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself, if and 
wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.

4. The names "Apache" and "Apache Software Foundation" must not be used to 
endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior written 
permission. For written permission, please contact apache@apache.org.

5. Products derived from this software may not be called "Apache", nor may 
"Apache" appear in their name, without prior written permission of the Apache 
Software Foundation.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE APACHE 
SOFTWARE FOUNDATION OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, 
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR 
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE 
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF 
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many individuals on 
behalf of the Apache Software Foundation. For more information on the Apache 
Software Foundation, please see <http://www.apache.org/>.

Portions of this software are based upon public domain software originally 
written at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications, University of 
Illinois, Urbana-Champaign.

Electric XML is owned by The Mind Electric and is copyrighted and licensed, not 
sold. The Mind Electric grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to 
use, modify and distribute Electric XML in both binary and source form as long 
as all of the following conditions are met:

You are not bundling Electric XML or a derivative of it as part of a software 
development environment such as JBuilder, WebGain or VisualAge. Note that this 
restriction is targeted at IDE vendors, and does not prevent developers from 
loading Electric XML into an IDE and using it during everyday development. 


You are not integrating Electric XML or a derivative of it into a distributed 
computing infrastructure or database platform such as WebLogic, Apache SOAP, 
WebSphere, Oracle application server, or HP e-speak. Note that this restriction 
is targeted at software infrastructure vendors, and does not prevent developers 
from using and bundling Electric XML with applications that run on these 
platforms. 


You are not integrating Electric XML or a derivative of it into an alternative 
to Electric XML such as Xerces or JDOM. 


You must not remove any of the copyright information from the Electric XML 
source code or documentation. 


